# MAT102_FSG_slides
This repository is provided as a resource to help you succeed in MAT102. It is not a replacement for attending the FSG sessions, nor is it a replacement for the course material, and it is certainly not a replacement for attending lectures. It is meant to be used as a reference, and not a replacement for the problem solving process. You are encouraged to attend office hours and ask questions during lectures if there are any parts of the solution that you do not understand. All content posted here is not endorsed by the MAT102 Teaching Staff, nor is it representative of the official course material. When in doubt, always refer to the official course material, and ask your TA or Professor for help.

In other words: This repository is as unofficial as they get, and anything your professors say takes precedence over it. Nothing here is guaranteed to be correct, and you should NOT take this repository as the "gold standard" of MAT102.

Once again: These slides are meant to be used in conjunction with the course material, and are not meant to be a replacement for the course material/official course meetings If you find that these slides are not enough, I encourage you to reach out to your TA, Professor, or even your peers for help.

All solutions listed are provided outside of FSG hours, and are not endorsed neither by the UTM RGASC nor the MAT102 Course Staff. These solutions are meant to be used as a reference, and not a replacement for the problem solving process. Use at your own risk. You are encouraged to attend office hours and ask questions during lectures if there are any parts of the solution that you do not understand. Should you find anything that is incorrect, please open an issue on this repository and I will address it as soon as possible. Nonetheless, they are provided to you without warantee, neither expressed nor implied.

Use this repository both wisely and at your own risk, and remember that the best way to learn is to practice, practice, practice! Good luck!
